

3.1.2.7 Lab 
Locate the Packeted application. Unzip the file if necessary.
Start the installation process of the application you’re installing. When prompted, click Yes to allow this app to make changes to your device. The License Agreement window opens. Select I accept the agreement, and then click Next. After this, Select Destination Location and window opens. Click Install. The Installing progress show the progress of the installation, if an information window regarding PTSBA opens, click OK to continue. The Completing the Third-party software window opens. Click Finish.

10.2.1.8 Lab
Click Start and navigate to the Control Panel. Select Administrative Tools and click Computer Management. You can also right-click Start and select Computer Management in Windows 10 and 8.1.
In the Computer Management window, click Disk Management in the left pane under the Storage menu. You should see the disk drives installed on the computer.  

You should open the This PC window to review information about the new disk partition.
Open File Explorer in Windows 10 and 8.1 and click This PC to view the list of the devices and drives.
On the General Tab, rename the volume from NEW VOLUME to something you see fit, and then click OK. Click Continue to provide administrator permission.
Create a text document and save it to the ITE drive.
Right-click on the ITE Test Document and choose Properties. This opens the ITE Test Document Properties window.
Click OK to close the ITE Test Document Properties window. Close the ITE (I:) window.


Open File Explorer in Windows 10 and 8.1 and click This PC.
In Windows 7, open Windows Explorer and click Computer.
Right-click the ITE (I:) volume and select Properties from the drop-down menu.
When the volume was FAT32, there were six tabs. What are the names of the new tabs that were added after the volume was converted to NTFS?
Security and Quota
Click Cancel to close the ITE (I:) Properties window.

Now you should display the properties of the ITE Test Document.
Open the ITE (I:) drive. Right-click on the ITE Test Document, then select Properties from the drop-down menu.
Close all open windows.

11.1.2.10 Lab 
By default, the windows start button is in the bottom-right side of the screen. It shows apps available on the right side which is short with the alphabet. On the left side shows a pined app which you’re free to customize as you see fit. Can also search app through the start by typing anything on your keyboard. 

11.1.3.4 Lab
Task Manager is often used for closing task instantly. But if you press on more details, it will show you apps processing information (includes the apps which is running in background), like CPU, Memory, disk and networking. The task manager has an additional tab which include Performance, App history, Startup, Users, Details and Services.

11.1.4.11 Lab
The file explorers are the backbone for every computer. In there you’ll find where files for every software and apps you have, it is also a place for storing documents, pictures as well something personal.

11.2.1.5 Lab
You can use Control Panel to change settings for Windows. These settings control nearly everything about how Windows looks and works, and you can use them to set up Windows so that it's just right for you.

11.2.2.3 Lab
U. An established relationship between a user and a computer, network or information service. 

11.2.5.8 Lab
Memory that appears to exist as main storage although most of it is supported by data held in secondary storage, transfer between the two being made automatically as required.

11.2.6.2 Lab 
Device Manager is a component of the Microsoft Windows operating system. It allows users to view and control the hardware attached to the computer. When a piece of hardware is not working, the offending hardware is highlighted for the user to deal with.

11.3.1.11 Lab 
Security is very vital for computers as well antivirus/spyware. You can’t always relay on antivirus software as the malware itself can slip past the defenses, so you’ll have to sometimes take your time to manage the system and check for something which is causing disruption to your computer by yourself.

11.3.2.7 Lab 
Some examples of system utilities include Anti-virus utility to scan computer for viruses or Cryptographic utility to encrypt and decrypt files.
It is used for supporting and enhancing the programs and the data in computer.

11.3.2.8 Lab
It is a type of software that manages data files in a computer system. A file management system has limited capabilities and is designed to manage group or individual files.

11.4.1.5 Lab
The command shell is the command processor interface. The command processor is the program that executes operating system commands.
11.4.2.7 Lab
Most commands for file system administration have both a generic component and a file system–specific component.

11.4.3.2 Lab
Diskpart command interpreter helps you manage your computer's drives.

11.4.4.2 Lab
A command-line interface (CLI) is a text-based user interface (UI) used to run programs, manage computer files and interact with the computer. ... The MS-DOS operating system and the command shell in the Windows operating system are examples of command-line interfaces.

11.4.5.3 Lab

FC:
You can use this command to identify differences in text between two files. It's particularly useful for writers and programmers trying to find small changes between two versions of a file.
Ipconfig:
This command relays the IP address that your computer is currently using. However, if you're behind a router (like most computers today), you'll instead receive the local network address of the router.
Ping:
Sometimes, you need to know whether packets are making it to a specific networked device. That's where ping comes in handy.
